Although you'd like to stay and play or rest at the glen for a while longer, you decide you should get back home. You can always come back tomorrow once your chores are done. With that in mind, you turn and make your way back the way you came. As you stroll along, the evening air gets a tad chillier as the sun continues its journey into the western skies. The forest becomes darker as the shadows of trees and their limbs slant and creep along the forest floor. You notice that the chirping of the birds in the trees and the scritching and scratching of woodland animals scurrying along have fallen silent; as night approaches, they have sought out refuge in their dens. You start to pick up your pace to your own humble den as a thin haze starts to form and move along the forest floor. It sweeps along behind you as you leave the trees to your back, your homestead now in sight again. 
You bolt towards your front door as the sky grows darker, the clouds above covering what little sun is left to shine. You call out a weary "I'm back" as you shut the door behind you and set the basket of dellaberries on the dirt floor. You turn to smile at your parents sitting at your always-wobbling supper table, but neither of them are there. Neither are they at the hearth nor in their straw bed. The shack is empty. You hear a bubbling noise and smell something burning; mother's pot of stew has been left over the dwindling fire, and it's flowing up and over the lid. Her trusty cooking spoon lays at the floor before the hearth.
Very curious, you go outside again and look about. The fog has gathered heavier and is now starting to spill out from the tree-line. You look around the house to see if either mother or father are chopping wood for the fire; neither are. You turn towards the barn and walk over there, seeing the big door to it is open and swaying back and forth slightly in the breeze. You pull the heavy door open and see your mother's favorite cotton caul on the ground, torn and in a pool of red. She was wearing it when you'd left.
You stoop to pick it up when you hear the sound of something being torn or pulled apart. Then there's a wet noise that sounds like fluid splashing. Then the smack of chewing. You leave the caul where it lies and take a step further in, peering into the dimness of the barn. A shadowed figure is on its haunches in the middle of the barn. As your eyes adjust, you see the family mule dead on the ground, the shadow hovering over it. As you gasp in surprise, the shadowed thing turns around and stands tall. It advances slowly and you realize that it is your father. Blood coats his stubbled face as he chews on the meat between his jaws. He holds a clump of the mule's intestines in one hand and reaches out to you with the other. He stumbles forward with his eyes wide, their once handsome blue hue now a strange and unnatural yellow. 
You step backwards in dread only to trip and fall over a hoe on the ground and you cry out in pain. Before you can get up and run from the creature that was once your father, something else comes into the barn and hovers above your head. You have no time at all to comprehend what it is before it lunges down at you and you scream your last.