You have plenty of time left until night falls, when your father told you to be back home by. The day is far too nice and this place far too pleasant to waste. You sit down by the bank and nibble on some of the berries, reminding yourself to pick more before you leave, and you continue to drink from the stream. It's all a wonderful treat. You lay down there on the grass and stare up into the trees, listening to the birds that sing their songs up there and hoping to spy one flittering through the canopy. As you watch, your eyes get heavy; this place is too restful a one to pass up taking a nap in it's solitude. You let your eyes shut.
When you wake, the sun has nearly fallen past the horizon. The woods are now quite dim and a haze has formed, hanging in a gray curtain over the forest floor. You bolt up, looking about you and remembering your father's demand. You get up on your feet and curse yourself for sleeping so long; you're likely to get a spanking, or at least some harsh words, if you don't hurry back home with haste.
You dart back towards home as quickly as you can, basket in hand and trying to find your way through the fog that covers your path and makes it hard to see where you step. It seems to be getting heavier, and your worries rise. You start to run out of breath, both from your running and the heaviness of the air. You stop to catch it, coming to a halt in a clearing that is filled with that irksome fog. As you lean forward, taking in harsh breaths, you hear noises about you. There's a twig snapping, as though under someone's foot. It's followed by an odd grunt. The sounds echo in the fog and you don't know what direction they came from. You stare into the haze looking for their source. The gray looks back and your heart starts to race as childish fears of creatures and monsters and murderous highwaymen come to mind. You tell yourself not to fear and to just run along and back to home. But the noises, the grunting, continues. And now it sounds like it's coming from all around you. As you step forward, an indefinite shape finally comes through the mist. 
The grunts and moans and groans continue to rise around you and you turn from the shape to run in a different direction. But now there's another shape coming from that way. And another beside it. You spin about but there are more shapes coming forward. You're surrounded and there's nowhere to run. You drop your basket and start to whimper as the shapes circle you and draw closer.
You see a pale hand reaching at you from out of the haze, and now you don't struggle to breathe -- because the dead don't breathe, and you have just died.