Your curiosity is too much to ignore, and being the brave, daring warrior that you are, you muster up the courage to plunge yourself into the dragon's den. You decide to leave your basket of berries by the mouth of the cave and grab a long tree-branch to place in your hand instead. Now that you have your sword, you step into the cave and peer about, the rays of the sun outside giving you just enough light to see by within. Inside, it's much bigger than one may expect, the mouth opening up into a wide, tall cavern filled with stalagmites and stalactites growing from the ground and from up above. The air is dank and you look about waiting to see a dragon rear its reptilian face at you or smell its smoldering breath or hear it's grumbling growl. Your fancies are shocked when the beast's growl reaches your ears with a low rumble that shakes your very bones beneath your flesh.
You then realize that it's no dragon's growl that you hear and feel, but the earth under your feet shaking. The entire cavern is shaking as the ground vibrates with a perplexing fury. You moan in fear as you start to turn and leave the cave, instantly fearing it may collapse and trap you inside. But as the rumbling continues a piece of rock falls from the ceiling and crashes to the ground at your feet and the earth cracks open. You and the earth beneath you fall down into darkness. You land on your side with a hard thump as the shaking and rumbling finally ceases. You look up and about you to see that there's no way back up, and you're now trapped in a narrow tunnel winding beneath the cave.
Afraid, blind in the shadows, and with nothing else to do, you feel your way down through the tunnel, desperately hoping that you can find your way out of this darkness and see the surface once again. You walk on and on, scraping your hands on the walls as you make your way and stumbling across the craggy floor. Do minutes pass? Hours? You can't rightly tell. You see a dim yellow light shining from around a bend in the tunnel ahead and you hope you've found your way to above-ground! You dash along and turn the corner only to stop in amazement.
Before you, in an enormous cavern that defies your senses, lies what looks to be the hulking shadow of some ages-old temple. Eerie, impossible yellow light glows from somewhere within the cavern, casting the dark edifice into mysterious and terrifying shadows. It would astound you, if the sight of it did not terrify you so much more. You take a step backwards as you continue to stare and the rumbling of the earth starts up again. Dirt falls on your head and you look up just in time to see a boulder loose itself from  the ceiling; it comes crashing down on you and you are lost to darkness.